Last lesson we saw how we can retrieve data from the API.
Now we need to make use of this data and output it within our team.
So let's open up our editor and update some or H-2 else we have our output area.
We have a score.
We have a button to move to the next one we need to also grab that output area into a usable format.
So an object will just to get element by Id grab that output element into the value of output.
And now we can also make use of the results here.
So let's set up a variable and call it OPG and I'm going to basically place this value in so I don't
have to keep rewriting it and we can also build out our H.T. m-L.
So we.
So we've got our h t m l and then what we want to do is build out what our channel is going to look
like.
So and here we just simply have to do H-2 mile plus plus equals.
And then here is where we can build out like if we needed a div which we should probably wrap it with
a div and close it so we build Dahdah it.
And then lastly we do output in our h t m l equals H2 you know.
So we simply output that content.
So first of all let's try the suit.
So no we've made some changes.
It's always a good idea to constantly check in case you get some errors so see that we did get one error
there being thrown.
So what happened here is I when I copied and pasted I kept that extra rounded bracket in there.
So now we go to the console.
So everything is working.
We've got our question popping up.
We can load more.
So everything is still working.
So now we need to break this up.
Some of this content we see that we've got categories.
So it's probably a good place to start that we can create a div in here give it a class let's call it
cat for short.
And then this is where we're going to drop our category.
And then here now we can do object category.
So what other information do we need.
And let's separate the soat and these like to just double check and make sure it's still working.
So load more and let's take a look at our age to out just make sure that it's always building it out
properly.
So I've got our question and we've got our category that is working.
So next thing that we might want to do is we want to put the question obviously so we need to have somewhere
to output that for the users.
So give us one class Quest's and close it off close off the div and then in here we can add in the question
for the user.
The first thing I usually like to do is just build out what it's going to look like and then do the
styling afterwards.
So I'm just adding in a lot of the IT KIND OF US placeholders for the styling and let's clean this up
a bit.
So close that one off we'll start a brand new line there.
So we also need to listo it.
So we've got the category we've got the question and we could also list out the difficulty if we wanted
to or we could score differently for difficulty.
So next in that we need.
So let me just refresh I know I've got the question there twice.
And what we need to do is we need to give the user some options some buttons to click and if we take
a look at the way this is structured.
So we've got this multiple here that allows us to determine what type of questioners.
So let's build this out.
And what I want to do is I want to create a function that's actually going to build this out and return
back the H2 M-L for it because we know that we've got the correct answer.
And then we've got some optional incorrect answers.
So let's set that up.
And in the next lesson we take care of that we're going to have a function.
And this is going to be the question builder.
So really question builder.
But you get the idea and what it's going to do is it's going to return the format at HMO.
So we're going to pass in the possible options.
We're going to pass an incorrect and correct.
All within within two different values.
And then we'll loop through it.
So we're going to check to see if the type is multiple and if it is then we know we need to build out
our questions in this type of format.
So all of that is coming up.